feat: select add render-tag prop (#270)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/select/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

action
fallback-option
max-tag-count
render-tag
```

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| consistent-menu-width | `boolean` | `true` | Whether the menu keeps its width the same as select trigger. Set it to `false` will disable `virtual-scroll`. |

> | clearable | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to displayed the clear button. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clearable | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the value is clearable. |
```

| default-value | `Array<string \| number> \| string \| number \| null` | `null` | Default value in uncontrolled mode. |
| disabled | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to disable the select. |
| fallback-option | `false \| (value: string \| number) => SelectOption` | `value => ({ label: '' + value, value })` | The option to be created according the value which has no corresponding option in the options of the component. If set to `false`, the fallback option won't be created and displayed and the value has no corresponding option will be viewed as a invalid value and it will be removed in the operations of the component. |
| filterable | `boolean` | `false` | Whether it can filter options. |

> | filter | `(pattern: string, option: Object) => boolean` |  | A basic string based search method. |

Reviewer: 这行的 deafult value 不要改，刻意那么写的

> | loading | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to loaded. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| loading | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to show loading status. |
```

| max-tag-count | `number \| 'responsive'` | `undefined` | Max tag count in multiple mode. `responsive` will keep all the tags in single line. |

> | multiple | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to multiple choice. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| multiple | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to select multiple values. |
```

| options | `Array<SelectOption \| SelectGroupOption>` | `[]` | For details of configuration options, see SelectOption Properties. |
| placeholder | `string` | `'Please Select'` |  |
| remote | `boolean` | `false` | If you want to async get options. Note that if remote is set, `filter` & `tag` won't work on `options`. At that time, you are taking all control of `options`. |
| render-label | `(option: SelectOption \| SelectGroupOption, selected: boolean) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of all the options. |

> | render-tag | `(option: SelectBaseOption, onClose: () => void) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of all the tag. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| render-tag | `(option: SelectBaseOption, handleClose: () => void) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of multiple select tags. |
```

| show | `boolean` | `undefined` | Whether to show menu. |
| show-arrow | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show arrow. |

> | size | `'small' \| 'medium' \| 'large'` | `'medium'` | The size of select box. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| size | `'small' \| 'medium' \| 'large'` | `'medium'` | Size of the select input. |
```
